= Sunweather

Sunweather

Sunweather produces information about dawn and dusk times as well as temperature and weather information for a requested location.

Thanks go to Ruby Geocoder for looking up geocoordinates from queries. Ruby Geocoder uses the Google Maps API as default.

Thanks also go to Wunderground. Sunweather consults the Wunderground Astronomy and Conditions APIs for sunrise/sunset times and weather information.

Finally, thanks go to EarthTools. EarthTools provides information about the durations of dawn and dusk.

== Usage notes

Sunweather is not yet in a state meant for use. However, you can provide a Wunderground API key as an environment variable, so that Ruby can access it via ENV["SUNWEATHER_DEV_WUNDERGROUND_API"]. If you do, a query on the console goes like 

    $ sunweather Berlin
    Dawn from 7:14 to 7:53.
    Dusk from 15:56 to 16:35.
    Temperature: 5.8°C, feels like 4.0°C.
    Weather: Overcast, Winds from the wnw at 4.4 mph gusting to 6.4 mph, direction WNW.

== Contributing to Sunweather
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Tobi Frank. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

